here's the way about garlic
very useful and adding
Zadorin certain flavor to dishes
product but we could not find on
the stalls are not just belgorod anyone in
principle of domestic garlic
all chinese sellers say what else
not a season
but experienced housewives will confirm that
Season need to try to buy it
and here is a local garlic producer we
found without difficulty
where does he deliver his products
find out right now
Igor Tinkov for eight years now
engaged in the cultivation of garlic in
Shebekinsky area and a half hectares
land given under this culture
yield from 5 to 8 tons per hectare
free niche and farmer calls his
only 10 are grown in Russia
percent garlic
from the needs of the population everything else
shipped from abroad main
Spain is driving China is the largest
performance with the least heat it
China he comes first here top top 20
Russian room on the tenth here is
China indicators in the first place Russia
in fourth place the united states on
the fifth place we turn garlic
but china china is the biggest
producer who grows 560
million tons of garlic
Chinese garlic already ate here no one
doesn't want
all call and ask only
Russian garlic moreover Igor was
tinkoff himself developed and implemented
production of growing equipment
garlic processing
it has no analogues existing
European equipment technologically
more complex and ten times more expensive
therefore orders for shebekinskiye seeders and
cleaning machines come from all over
of the world as well as competition on
practically free domestic
the garlic market our hero is not afraid he
helps novice entrepreneurs
hide your farm business by his
technology technology i developed my
growing garlic
here got three people Belgorod
region and kursk region
I provide if they take in
technical school for growing garlic
provide a business plan
looking at like the square they want already
developed by me even in my
business plan receive demand grants for
Russian garlic is so great that
Shebekino farmer buys it from
population of many private owners
courtyard first helps sow it
with your technique and then harvest
their volumes to cover the needs
the market is no longer enough but here's the paradox
Belgorod region Shebekinsky
garlic
no follow him from all over the country but
local sellers
consider buying more profitable
Chinese garlic is the basis
northern regions
Sakhalin takes Kamchatka garlic
Well, but also the cities even take the shop
chain stores that sell
planting seeds store
Nizhny Novgorod take it Samara Saratov
Orenburg here and when processing which
take on sausage cannery
plants mainly
mostly in the area nobody i somehow with
Russia from all Russia sock I
offered garlic your garlic like
the farmer's shop is called here they are
told themselves to bring and 50 pounds
a week and 50 rubles 50 rubles each
you better Chinese to trade them to ours
garlic is not a bargain price if i
I can sell for 90 rubles for 100 rubles
per kilogram then why should I give one
same shop farmer or other 50
rubles
vegetable growing and gardening this is exactly
the case when the population is not needed
persuade to support domestic
manufacturer
food safety issues
common sense is always on
the side of local fruits and vegetables
but as it turned out this market is still
open field for entrepreneurship
occupy your niche grower we gardeners
much easier than others
branches of agriculture but with
subject to the use of modern
the implementation of which requires
considerable investment
this is why the region accepts
development and support programs
vegetable growing and gardening
they are still at the initial stage of implementation
but according to the laws of economics take advantage
a chance at the beginning of the market development
means to occupy it
the lion's share on this new goodbye
accents in a week we will place them in
the correct order on the air world
white mountains point ru
all the best